Q.1 ) What is software? what is software engineering?


       answer:-software:-software is non touchable.sssss
               software defination:-software is collection of information,instruuction,and data.

       answer:-software engineeringL:-software engineering devlopment,testing,and software applications.


Q.2 ) Explain types of software?


      answer:- there are five types of software:- 1.system software

                                                  2.programing software

                                                  3.application software

                                                  4.driver software

                                                  5.middleware software
         
      1.system software:-operating system:-software perform all task  for user.
      exa:-windows,mac,android,linux,ubuntu.

      2.programing software:-is used to communicate between human and machine.
      exa:-compiler,enterpriter.

      3.application software:-application software it means mobile application...used in the phone
      exa:-web broweser,graphic software,database software.

      4.driver software:-some generic hardware loaded with os.
      exa:-blutooth audio,video,network.                                                                                    

      5.middleware software:-between  os and applications running on
      exa:-database,web.
  
Q.3 ) what is SDLC? Explain each phase of SDLC?
      answer:-sdlc it means software development life cycle refers to a methodology with clearly defined processes for creating high quality software.

              1.planning

              2.analysis

              3.design

              4.implementation

              5.testing

              6.maintenance
     
1.analysis:-during this phase all the relevant information is collected from the customer to develop a product as per their expectation.any ambiguities must be resolved in this phase only.

2.planning;-project planning stage where you are gathering business requirements from your client or stakholders.this phase is when you evaluate the feasibility,the cost of production,the needs of the end-users.

3.design:-in this phase the requirement gathered in the SRS document is used as an input and software architecture that is used for implementing system devlopment is derived.

4.implementation:-implementation starts one the developer gets the design document.the software design is translated into source code.all the components of the software are implemented in this phase.

5.testing:-testing starts one the coding is complete and the modules are released for testing.in this phase the devloped software is tested thoroughly and any defects found are assigned to developers to get them fixed.

6.maintenance:-after the deployment of a product on the production environment,maintenance of the product i.e.if any issue comes up and needs to be fixed or any enhancement is to be done is taken care by the devlopers.


Q.4 ) what is DFD?  creat a DFD diagram on flipcart?
      answwer:-DFD data flow diagram.
               show the information process or system.

      DFD elements are:-1.external entity

                        2.process

                        3.data flow

                        4.data store

Q.5) what is flow chart? creat a flowchart to make addition of two numbers?
     answer:-flowchart is symbolic or diagrammatic representation of an algorithm.



Q.6) what is use case diagram? creat a use case on bill payment on paytm.
     answer:-use case diagram model the behavior of a system.
             









    